# Decred Challenge

On-chain challenges for your community.

### Requirements

Python 3 and the `decred` package.

### Create a challenge and answer

The Decred challenge does not have a fixed format.
Anything that has a written answer can be a challenge:
riddles, trivia, homework, word games, etc.

**The prompt itself is not stored on-chain**, just the (double-) hash of the
answer.
It is the funder's responsibility to distribute their prompt to their audience.
Along with their prompt, they will distribute the **challenge address** that is
generated by the `fund.py` script. The address is used by players to identify
the challenge transaction on the blockchain.

#### Answer restrictions

- The answer should be fairly long to prevent brute-force attacks. Recommend >= 25 characters. Think sentences, not words or phrases.

- The fund script, as written, does not perform any manipulation of the incoming data other than UTF-8 decoding. Whitespace is preserved. Case is preserved.

### Create a funding address

Run the **fund.py** script.

`python fund.py`

This script turns the answer into a pay-to-script-hash Decred address.

### Fund the challenge

To fund the challenge, send Decred to the address.
This creates an on-chain transaction that players can look for.
Obviously, this costs some DCR.
How much attention the challenge gets will likely depend on how valuable it is.

### Broadcast the challenge

The funder can broadcast the challenge in whatever way is fitting.
Twitter is an obvious choice, but photo-based challenges on Instagram could be
interesting. Facebook and YouTube will probably work for a lot of funders.

### Playing

1. Create an address to receive your reward. Use tinydecred, Decrediton, or any other Decred-supporting wallet.

2. Run the **claim.py** script. You will be prompted for the challenge address, and then your reward address.

`python claim.py`

3. Attempt answers until you get it correct. When the answer is found, the challenge will be immediately claimed to the reward address.

